talk tube of the air cleaner for you guys
I say conjunctural how to install the
lego the hobbit
I think it 's a new game, right?
So you guys are starting there?
they will have to have in the third you
installed torrent and daemon tools
After that, you're in the game here.
choose one of the two servers here for
download is by download from wefaq website you
the wait five seconds here gives the
advertising here and click close
advertising
done that download download here you
go here
will open a tone this one you
choose where I'm going to play here
downloaded there after an ok I will not go
download it because you already have it done there
summer daemon tools click here in this bt
here it will trigger a device from the
alcohol
You have 2 clicks here when you
download your game in the work area
here's the choice here 's what's going on
be on it nor open will mount the image
here he will see it here you click
in executing seven pecs
Yes, I have an okay here.
the desktop use that will start to
boring little song
there you see that the directory that is
right after the next leaves marked
two boxes of nf-e install there guys
While I was here, I'm going to stick a finger in the
video that already back'll be here
guys
Can you see that you already had an installation
You can close the loot from the mountain.
requesting that the premises of the
here you have not had any
people you tags box then he
will install the program leave now let's
start mac computer on the drive
I play right here in April
Inap has crack and copy the two
last days of the coast event
I think here in the game icon Toys
right click and opened the file location
here you look to replace continue
the team was playing with the father play and I ask
for you 180 in the game here I'll see if
You well there and I wanted the favorite and the video
there if he could register the channel so on
help me a lot
let's go then
ay el fursan dinho well mike and good game
everyone staying here was worth